{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoascreenfonts1\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Youtube Link: \
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gPcaUfCUgE\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Sean Allen Code Review Tips:\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Don\'92t use Global variables, because it is easy to access and change it across the project. And it will be acting like a singleton. But not a singleton.*\
{\listtext	0.	}Remove unwanted spaces.\
{\listtext	0.	}He says the viewDidLoad block should not have so many things like ui and other components and different things. Instead it it should be a lot of List of instructions. for example: self.setupView(); and go on.\
{\listtext	0.	}Constructing the view using Visual format language or layout constraints and using Storyboards. Both are fine. How people feels it and to take it forward when it comes to easy writing and debugging. He feels like storyboard. And if you are creating one view in code there will be a long listing code you have to write. (This is how). \
{\listtext	0.	}And when you are assigning list of local variables give spacing like resume fields. Then it will be more readable. Like let name = self.model.name; let age = self.model.age here the spacing for name and age if you are maintaining it via tab space. It will looks nice\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul Q&A:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone 1)What are the key skills  a Junior iOS developers should have?\
	TableView or collectionView with Networking. So he can build one app where he can create a networking session to get back the response and parse it with model and able to display it using view.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\
}